chore(zh): maintain redirected links (part 2) (#22802)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-tw/web/javascript/reference/functions/default_parameters/index.md

### 函式內再定義函式

> Introduced in Gecko 33. Functions declared in the function body cannot be referred inside default parameters and throw a {{jsxref("ReferenceError")}} (currently a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} in SpiderMonkey, see [Firefox bug 1022967](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id%3D1022967)). Default parameters are always executed first, function declarations inside the function body evaluate afterwards.

Author: ```suggestion
Introduced in Gecko 33. Functions declared in the function body cannot be referred inside default parameters and throw a {{jsxref("ReferenceError")}} (currently a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} in SpiderMonkey, see [Firefox bug 1022967](https://bugzil.la/1022967)). Default parameters are always executed first, function declarations inside the function body evaluate afterwards.
```

### Parameters without defaults after default parameters

> Prior to Gecko 26, the following code resulted in a {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}}. This has been fixed in [Firefox bug 777060](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id%3D777060) and works as expected in later versions. Parameters are still set left-to-right, overwriting default parameters even if there are later parameters without defaults.

Author: ```suggestion
Prior to Gecko 26, the following code resulted in a {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}}. This has been fixed in [Firefox bug 777060](https://bugzil.la/777060) and works as expected in later versions. Parameters are still set left-to-right, overwriting default parameters even if there are later parameters without defaults.
```
